c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid.dll
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid.pdb
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid.apk
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.dll
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.pdb
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid.dll
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid.pdb
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid.apk
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinMemeGenerator.dll.mdb
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dinis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator\XamarinMemeGenerator.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
